# Syntax-Directed Translation
> * We associate information with a language construct by attaching attributes to the grammar symbol(s) representing the construct. A syntax-directed definition specifies the values of attributes by associating semantic rules with the grammar productions. For example, an infix-to-postfix translator might have a production and rule
> * The most general approach to syntax-directed translation is to construct a parse tree or a syntax tree, and then to compute the values of attributes at the nodes of the tree by visiting the nodes of the tree. In many cases, translation can be done during parsing, without building an explicit tree. We shall therefore study a class of syntax-directed translations called "L-attributed translations" (L for left-to-right), which encompass virtually all translations that can be performed during parsing. We also study a smaller class, called "S-attributed translations" (S for synthesized), which can be performed easily in connection with a bottom-up parse.


# Syntax-Directed Definitions
> A syntax-directed definition (SDD) is a context-free grammar together with attributes and rules. Attributes are associated with grammar symbols and rules are associated with productions. If X is a symbol and a is one of its attributes, then we write X.a to denote the value of a at a particular parse-tree node labeled X. If we implement the nodes of the parse tree by records or objects, then the attributes of X can be implemented by data fields in the records that represent the nodes for X. Attributes may be of any kind: numbers, types, table references, or strings, for instance. The strings may even be long sequences of code, say code in the intermediate language used by a compiler.